CA 
To complete your CA course, you will need to have a minimum of a 12th grade and a minimum of 4.5 to 5 years of experience. The candidate should start with the CPT/CA foundation course. After 9 months, the applicant is eligible for IPCC. After group I of the IPCC, you are eligible for an internship.03-Mar-2022
Duration: Course Duration of CA (Chartered A...
Employment Roles: Accountant, Financial Man...
Minimum Percentage: 50%

What is CA course details?
Image result for ca course information
CA or Chartered Accountancy is a professional course that deals with the financial assessment, auditing, taxation, and accounting of companies. The course is conducted by the ICAI (Institute of Chartered Accountants of India).

How many years is the CA course?
CA course is designed in such a manner that student can get the professional certificate at any stage of their life as there is no age limit to this. The CA course duration is scheduled to be completed in 4.5 years.


What are subjects in CA?
CA Final Subjects 2022
Paper Number	Subject Name	Marks
Paper 1	Financial Reporting	100 Marks
Paper 2	Strategic Financial Management	100 Marks
Paper 3	Advanced Auditing and Professional Ethics	100 Marks
Paper 4	Corporate Laws and Economic Laws Part I: Corporate Laws [70 Marks] Part II: Economic Laws [30 Marks]	100 Marks

What is CA qualification?
Commerce graduation or post-graduation with a minimum cut off of 55% Non-commerce graduation or post-graduation with a minimum cut off of 60% Intermediate level from the Institute of Cost Accountants of India or The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.


What is CA salary?
Chartered Accountant salary in India with less than 1 year of experience to 9 years ranges from ₹ 2.5 Lakhs to ₹ 15 Lakhs with an average annual salary of ₹ 7 Lakhs based on 5.5k salaries.

Which type of CA is best?
Calcium carbonate supplements tends to be the best value, because they contain the highest amount of elemental calcium (about 40% by weight). Because calcium carbonate requires stomach acid for absorption, it's best to take this product with food.

Is math compulsory for CA?
There is no mention of mathematics as a compulsory subject. This means that students who haven't had mathematics subject are also eligible to pursue CA training. Sure, mathematics doesn't play a crucial role in eligibility criteria. But the subject sure is involved in the Proficiency Test and Final Level.12-Apr-2022

How many papers are in CA?
First, you have to pass 13 papers (on average a student passes 13 papers in 2 years). Then you join an audit firm (for the purpose of training). It makes a total of 5-6 years (like the medical profession)


What is CA foundation fees?
Image result
CA Foundation Registration Fees 2022:

The total chartered accountant foundation course fees are about ₹10,900, where you need to pay ₹9,000 as CA Foundation registration fees at the time of course registration and ₹1,500 at the time of registering for the examination.

Is CA a good career?
Chartered Accountants are regarded as one of the highest paying career professionals in India. Chartered Accountancy is a good career option if you are interested in subjects like taxation and accounting. The career path to becoming a Chartered Accountant (CA) is challenging but very promising as well

Can I do CA with BCom?
Can BCom and CA be Pursued Together? Aspirants can do CA and B.Com together if they are eligible for both the programs, separately. Whether pursuing both programs simultaneously is a better option or not, is a matter of your discretion. It's no easy task to pursue two degrees simultaneously.


How can I apply for CA?
All candidates of Foundation Examination will be required to apply online at https://eservices.icai.org (Self Service Portal - SSP) for December 2022 Exam onwards and also pay the requisite examination fee online. The ICAI CA Intermediate and Final exams will be held from November 1 to 17.

CMA-

What is CMA course details?
Image result for cma course information
What is CMA? CMA is a professional course offered by the Institute of Cost Accountants of India which was set up with the objective of promoting and regulating the Cost and Management Accountancy profession in India. How to become a CMA? CMA has three levels which are Foundation, Intermediate, and Final.


What is CMA salary?
CMA salary in India ranges between ₹ 0.4 Lakhs to ₹ 41.6 Lakhs with an average annual salary of ₹ 6.4 Lakhs. Salary estimates are based on 50 salaries received from CMAs.


How many years is a CMA course?
US CMA vs Indian CMA
Point of Difference	US CMA	Indian CMA
Course Duration	One Year	Three Years
Eligibility	Class 12 / UG	Class 12
Pass Criteria	Minimum of 360 marks out of 500	40% for individual papers and 50% aggregate
Course format	2 parts	3 levels (foundation, intermediate and final level)



What is CMA course eligibility?
Passed Senior Secondary School Examination / Higher Secondary Examination (10+2) and Foundation Course of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India or qualified the Foundation (Entry Level) Part I Examination of Certificate in Accounting Technicians (CAT) Course of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India or Degree ...

Which degree is best for CMA?
1. Meet the CMA Education Requirements. In order to become a CMA you must earn a Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university or college. You can also do so by getting a professional certification.15-Mar-2022


Is CMA is a good career option?
Some professionals choose to gain both the CPA and the CMA, awarding them greater career opportunities and a higher salary range. According to IMA, professionals with both the CMA and CPA earn a median of 50% more than non-credentialed professionals in the same industry.


Can CMA work in bank?
The Certified Management Accountant designation is growing at a fast pace. That's due to the demand for professionals with such advanced skills in management accounting. The banking industry is no exception.

CFA-

What exactly CFA do?
Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charterholders apply their knowledge and skills in a wide range of positions throughout the global finance industry. Distinguished by their commitment to set a higher standard of excellence, they are sought after as investment management professionals.

How difficult is CFA?
Overall, the CFA exams are very difficult, but candidates can increase their chances of passing by studying for over 300 hours, utilizing alternative prep materials, answering as many practice questions as possible, and creating a structured study plan.

What is the salary CFA?
The national average salary for a Cfa is ₹6,31,179 in India.09-Sept-2022


Is it worth becoming a CFA?
You never know what future the markets might hold for you, so the CFA Program offers a good base of knowledge to get you on your way.” The general consensus of most CFA charterholders is that it has paid off in terms of career, knowledge, satisfaction, and end results.

How many years course is CFA?
Duration: CFA® Programs takes at least 2 years to complete, while the CFP can be completed within a year.

Which country pays CFA most?
Region Wise Salary Scale
USA: The salary of a CFA in the USA on an average varies from $44,000 per annum to $ 167,000 per annum. ...
India: In India, the average salary of a CFA varies from Rs 340,000 (USD 5076) to Rs 2,505,359 (USD 37404).


Which college is best for CFA?
The top colleges for CFA course are,
Indian institute of Business management and studies, Bombay.
Mansukh institute of financial markets, Delhi.
FTMS Global Academy, chennai.

CS-

What is CS in course?
Company Secretary course (CS) is offered by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), set up under the Company Secretaries Act, 1980 to regulate the profession of company secretaries in India. CS course consists of two stages - CS executive followed by the CS professional programmes.

What is CS subjects?
SUBJECTS
Foundation Programme [4 papers]( New Syllabus – w.e.f. 1st April 2017 )
Module II (4 papers)	5. Corporate & Management Accounting
6.Securities Laws & Capital Markets
7.Economic, Business and Commercial




What exactly CS do?
A Company Secretary is responsible for the efficient administration of a company, particularly with regard to ensuring compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and for ensuring that decisions of the board of directors are implemented. Despite the name, the role is not clerical or secretarial.


Is CS a good career?
They handle a more authoritative position which provides opportunities and space for ideas and opinions. This job provides many perks and job satisfaction is one of them, CS gets a higher management position quite early in the career. So, they as well obtain recognition in a good working environment.23-Feb-2022

 
Is CS is difficult?
Passing the CS Professional Program is most difficult for any student. It is also highly recommended for CS aspirants to study for the Executive Program and Professional Program through any ICSI-recognised university, offering CS courses.10-Jan-2020


What is age limit for CS?
The age limit criteria for every candidate entering the CS examination is a minimum of 17 years. Students below 17 years are not allowed to take the examination.


Can I complete CS in 2 years?
The minimum duration for the program is eight months, but it must be completed within three years of registration. Aspirants can take the exams only after the completion of nine months from the date of registration.


How can I prepare for CS?
Concentrate on study material provided by the Institute and study other material such as Student Company Secretary, Chartered Secretary, recommended books and other publications on the subjects. Do extensive study and avoid selective study. Practice Multiple Choice Questions on all the topics covered in the syllabus.


Does CS have scope in future?
Career Scope After Qualifying Company Secretary 2022

A qualified company secretary is capable of finding a job in the public and private sectors, financial institutions, and banks. Company Secretaries are also required in company law boards, various government departments, Department of Company Affairs, etc.09-Feb-2022

Which is tough CS or CA?
CA is considered to be tougher than CS, hence, the duration of each of its course levels is longer than that of CS. On average, it takes an aspirant to complete CA in 5 years including the articleship.


Which degree is best with CS?
Which Bachelor degree suits best with company secretary? B.Com is the best degree in commerce with CS. However it is widely agreed that 5 years Law course is best suited with CS course. It is often called as a deadly combination.




